# Monstercat Twitch Policy

  December 2, 2015. Revision 1.1.4

This policy sets out the open policy for all streaming & VOD content found on
Twitch using Monstercat's music catalog.

## VOD

We will not mute VODs that contain Monstercat's music. While Twitch's Audio
Recognition system only allows for audio muting, we ask that you only include
music that has been purchased or has been offered through our licensing partner
program, which can be found [here](http://monster.cat/TwitchRequest).

If you would like to officially use our tracks commercially for downloadable
VODs or YouTube videos, please go through our permissions request
[form](http://monster.cat/TwitchRequest). If accepted, this will keep you
secure from any future copyright changes that might come through Twitch
including livestream Audio Recognition or revenue sharing. This also includes
downloadable access to our catalog of over 700 songs.

## Streaming

You can tune into our Monstercat FM channel during your Twitch streams
without your VODs being muted, but please include our track listing bot in
your channel by typing `!join` on the Monstercat FM channel at
[http://www.twitch.tv/monstercat](http://www.twitch.tv/monstercat)

If you are not listening to Monstercat FM, we ask that you use XSplit or
similar tools to show your audience which songs are being streamed live.

If Monstercat music accounts for the majority of music used in your stream,
we ask that you link to
[http://youtube.com/monstercat](http://youtube.com/monstercat) using a Panel
with the following
[image](./banners/musicprovidedby-square.png).

We cannot currently offer a complete commercial license to all Twitch
streamers due to our inability to track and pay back royalties to our
original artists. For now, we ask that you only include music that you have
purchased or has been offered through our licensing partner program, which
can be found [here](http://monster.cat/TwitchRequest). However, we are
working on a system that will benefit streamers and video content creators
alike while allowing for the original artists to be paid fairly. Stay tuned!

## Amendments to this policy

This policy may change from time to time. As Twitch evolves and adapts its
policies we are forced to adapt our own.
